# AppStoreProject_One
My first iOS app!

I had a lot of different ideas for potential applications to build going into this project, building a simple game with SpriteKit, a form of scheduling app to meet with groups of people, and building a completely unique app for my mom to use in her own business. I initially spoke most about building the game with my instructor, Professor McCarthy at CSUF, but after a lot of hours put into the game I just wasn't happy with what I was building. I had created all original, unique assets in Adobe Illustrator and watched tons of hours of tutorials on game building in iOS. There was a lot of Xcode bugs I was dealing with that weren't my fault and it was incredibly irritating, I know that they weren't my fault because I followed plenty of legitimate tutorials and lessons to build my physics properties and they very much modeled after what I saw. In plenty of the comments people complained about the same bugs with their physics and said that they often resolved them by using different versions of Xcode and so forth. In this process I also didn't feel like the app was completely unique, I had gone into this not wanting to make a "clone" of an existing app. Not to downplay the difficulty of doing so or the principle, but I wanted to build something unique in preparation for real business settings to come after eventually graduating. Thus, I decided on building a completely unique and new app for my mom's business, using more techniques we learned in class and things I picked up along the way.

I decided on going back to this idea we discussed because I felt it was best to get the most out of this project. I built a new app, dealt with specifications and constraints laid out by a client, and I will need to maintain this app going forward. This app is a sort of "portfolio" for my mom's business. My mom recently got certified to be an esthetician, a skin care professional, and I made her something she can use to advertise herself and her services. For more background, estheticians perform facials, waxes, massages, extractions, and other services. They can get more certifications and specializations to further their practice and this adds to the fact that I had to make the app scalable and I would have to be maintaining it constantly. I had to discuss and collaborate with her to create an "About Me" and "Education" portion in the app to give the user some background and ensure the user that they'd be right in choosing her for any services. I laid out all the services, with descriptions, she currently offers in an intuitive user-interface that is elegant and sleek. I had some specifications and requests, like making the app more "feminine" because of course her average client would most often be a female. I included her business email, as she is only accepting inquiries through email and has not yet started building social media presence. Make sure to checkout the app, SkinByAnaLaura! I am proud of what I made and am looking forward to building the app out even more.
